Doc: Update image rendering with HTTPS configuration (#88505)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/image-rendering/_index.md

}
```

#### HTTP protocol

{{% admonition type="note" %}}

> HTTPS protocol is supported from v3.11.0 and later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTPS protocol is supported in the image renderer v3.11.0 and later.
```
